# Week_1_HomeWork
Week 1's homework is to improve a current company's website without actually changing the website. It is Due April 3 at 11:59pm
First big changes made were to improve the semantics of the top portion of the webpage which includes the name of the company/title of the website "Horiseon" and the clickable links "Search Engine Optimization", "Online Reputation Management", and "Social Media Marketing"
The current web page was using <div></div> to seperate into sections and then using "class=" to connect to the CSS. I decided to get rid of the first <div></div> that contained the entire top portion of the website and instead put <header></header>. By doing this I no longer need a class called "header" I can just reference the <header></header> element in the CSS.
I kept the <h1></h1> brakets around the title "Horiseon" because that clearly defines what it is, it is the first header line of the website. In the CSS is changed the ".header h1" to just "h1" because we no longer need to use the ".header" class.
I have not changed the "span" part of <span class="seo">seo</span> that is within the header. I did change it to an id tho <span id="seo">seo</span> because it is so specific it makes more sense to make it an ID instead of class. The css then went from ".header h1 .seo" within CSS to just "#seo" to  designate that those letters need to be grey while the rest of the word is white. I haven't decided that I will change span to yet, but its definitely vague so I will find a better element to put there.
Since I changed the first <div></div> to  <header></header> i decided that it made since to change the next <div></div> that contains the clickable links to <nav></nav> since it is in fact our navagation bar throughout the webpage. I did not see a reason to change the <ul></ul> and <li></li> brackets yet so I kept those the same. 
Now I can change a couple more things in CSS. ".header div" became "nav" which designates the padding, margin, float, font-family and font-size of all the listed links.
I changed ".header div ul" to "ul" which changes the list-style-type: none so there are no longer bullet points.
and finally I changed ".header div ul li" to "li" which makes the display:inline-block and margin-left:25px.
I did not feel the need to change <a></a> but I might see if i can combine <a></a> with either ul or li in CSS to make it more compact.
I am working on the body of the website, skipping over the image of the meeting below the header/navigation bar.
First I kept the current HTML but I made sure that the link for "search engine optimization" would work. this div section only has a class of "search-engine-optimization" and not an id with the same name where as the other two clickable links do, so I created the id="search-engine-optimization" that was missing.
The first <div></div> for the left section of the page containing the link images and info i changed to <main></main>. i took out the <div class="content"> because now I can just use the Selector "main" in CSS
Then for each <div></div> that created the three sections that contained the 3 link pics, title and details i called <section><section>. Within the <section> element I kept the unique id="" tags that connected the link from the navigation bar. 
In the original CSS all of the now <sections> had individual classes, that went to separate Selectors in CSS which all had the same CSS code. So I gave all the sections the same class <section class="link-info"> to significantly reduce the line of CSS code. I didn't change any of the CSS code, just now instead of 3 different selectors in CSS giving the same information I have one selector called .link-info providing the: margin-bottom, padding, height, font-family, background-color, and color(font) for all 3 sections.
Within each section is an "img" with a link to an image on file and a class specifying whether the image will "float-left" or "float-right". The first and last section img's float left and the second image floats right. The original CSS has ".float-left" twice with the same  "float:left;" and "margin-right: 25px;" perameters. I kept the class names the same in the HTML and CSS but removed the second and redundant float-left selector in the CSS.
the images (img) for all of the sections also have the same information in CSS but under 3 different selectors. I combined them all into the ".link info img" selector since they all had the same padding, clear, font-family, and text-align perameters.
THe section that is located on the right side of the webpage i changed its main <div></div> element to <aside></aside>. i got rid of the class "benefits" and just used asie as the selector in CSS.
very similar to the <main></main> the <aside></aside> has redundant "class" tags in HTML and additional Selectors in CSS.
I renamed all of the divs to <section></section> again to show the 3 sections of the aside with their individual images, text and titles. Each section has the same class of "side-info" which was then put into CSS and took the old "benefit.___" class which were 3 different names with all the same CSS and reduced it to one ".side-info" selector.
Samething with the headers, there were 3 different "h3" selectors put in with the same information so I shortened it to just h3 and it applied to all "h3"s used.
same thing with the images reduced it from 3 selectors to 1, because i'd already give all of their selectors the same class so ".info-side img" worked for all of them.
footer.